I built a giant death trap, which is
just one of many traps we built.
And for every trap this contestant
survives, he wins $100,000.
But if he fails one,
he loses everything.
The first trap is simple.
He's got to break out of this cage
and climb up this roof
before the walls close in.
- Mack, are you ready?
- I'm ready.
- You sure?
- Do it.
That was a little rude, but okay.
How am I supposed to get out of this.
Mack, hey, you want a hit?
What?
The roof
Hey Mack,
don't forget a $100,000 is on the line.
Oh, my gosh.
It's getting so close to the spikes.
How does breaking the chair help?
Mack, come on.
I’m trying, Jimmy, shut up.
The wall is almost there. Mack, hurry.
Mack, come on.
Hurrry!
Come on, come on, come on.
You just won a hundred grand!
Yeah!
- But...
- Yes!
But I have a second trap
set up for you right now.
And if you risk this
hundred grand, you could win 200 grand.
Think on it
But I also don't have a video
if you don't say yes.
I'm doing it.
Let's go.
Mack may sound confident now,
but there are ten more traps
he has to get through
if he wants to walk out of this
with $1,000,000.
But first, let's see if he can win
200 grand.
Welcome to Trap number two.
Close the door.
Glad we were not under that.
In these duffel bags.
It's 200 grand in cash.
All you have to do to win it,
is press that red button
and go back to this door.
What happens when I press the button?
Just press it and find out.
You wanna come with me?
Oh, no. I'm staying,
I'm staying over here.
- Come with me.
- Go press the button.
In case you forgot
200 grand is on the line.
I don't know what's going to happen
when I push the button.
Just press the button
The dramatic lights.
I think you can see what the trap is.
If you touch a laser,
the door is going to slam closed.
Is there a time limit?
There's a touch of the laser
limit and it's one.
Bro, imagine if he just hit the first
laser.
This is not made for short people dude.
Oh my gosh.
I had a feeling
he would crawl on the floor.
That's why coming up,
There's lasers
literally straight in front of him.
I don't know how
I'm going to get past those.
- I'm gonna be honest.
- Oh, this is crazy.
Oh my gosh.
Oh, you're like,
surrounded by lasers.
Mack, I wouldn't move.
Jimmy, if I touch the laser.
How long do I have
before that door closes?
Less than a second.
Take a step to your left.
Take a step out of the way.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
Three, two, one.
Oh my gosh.
That was so...
I'm speechless.
Oh, yeah.
- Let's go!
- Don't celebrate yet.
Do you want to walk away with 200
grand or risk it for 300 grand?
I think I want to
do the next one.
Let's do it.
Unfortunately for Mack,
all of these traps get progressively
harder and harder to pass,
especially this next one.
Mack, come on in.
You're now in trap number three.
Bro, look how cool this is.
We literally spent the last 60 days
designing this set.
This is the $200,000
you've already won.
All you have to do here is grab
the next hundred thousand dollars,
and then all you got to do
is walk down this path and walk
right through this door.
What's going to happen
when I grab the money?
- Look around.
- It's over your head on this one.
Okay.
Starting to click for me
a little bit.
That was a little too obvious.
I'd say as soon as I picked up money
that boulder's coming straight for me.
And if you get ran over by the
boulder, I take my 300 grand back.
Oh, dude
I'm going to go over here so I don't get
squished by a boulder.
I want you to count me down
for three.
Three, two, one.
Go!
Oh, my God.
Go, go, go
You got to go.
Go, go, go.
Back off!
Not going to lie
You are much faster than I thought.
Oh, my gosh.
That boulder was right behind him.
Are you going to go for a fourth?
I don't know, Jim.
You're actually getting better.
If that thing hit me,
what would happen? Would I die?
Well, here's what happened to Nolan
when he got hit.
It hurts.
- I'm sorry, I just got to...
- Yeah, of course.
No, this is a big decision.
You should really think it through.
Okay, so what do you do?
- Okay, I'll do one more.
- One more?
- One more, yeah.
- All right.
Let's go see if
he loses 300 grand...
or makes more money.
Don't phrase it like that, Jimmy.
Mack is now in a ball.
How's it feel?
I'm realizing
how bad I smell in this ball.
You chose this.
Open the door.
Welcome to trap number four.
For this trap, I made a life sized
video game that he has to complete.
Oh my gosh, dude.
To win 400 grand, all Mack needs to do
is complete this course.
In case it's not clear
If you fall down there in the foam,
you lose.
I see that.
Oh, yeah. One more thing.
You only have 5 minutes
to complete the course.
Okay.
First things first.
We have these little platforms.
Not too crazy.
This is so much harder in a ball.
Bro, if he's unironically
struggling with this,
Wait until he gets to all the moving
platforms of death.
This is not going to be easy,
Oh my gosh, dude.
Jump!
Jump?
Mack, be careful.
400 grand on the line.
Here, can I join you?
- Why? why?
- I don't know.
- Why?
- I'm sorry.
Because I want to be in the video.
It's my video.
This is terrifying
Up to this point, it's been pretty easy.
This is where it starts to get difficult.
This is where it's difficult?
It has not been easy.
Oh, this is crazy, dude.
Unlike the other challenges.
He's actually going pretty quick.
Balancing inside of this
ball is harder than it looks.
It multiplies all of your movements,
meaning you can fall at any time.
This ball is so hard to balance in.
Bro, it's 400 grand.
It's not supposed to be easy.
The obstacle so far in this trap are
nothing compared to the final stage.
This is where it gets really hard.
I couldn't have been more wrong.
Mack literally obliterated
the last stage of this course
in 10 seconds.
Oh my God!
That is what I'm talking about!
bro, whenever he wins,
I get afraid to be around him.
I don't know what to say when
I sketch this on a piece of paper.
It seemed a lot harder.
However, the traps that follow this one
are harder than anything
we've seen so far.
Answer the riddle.
What is better than 400 grand?
500 grand?
Are you going to be a wuss or
do you want a chance to win $500,000?
If the next one is going to be
as easy as this, let's run it back.
I didn't say it would,
but I'm going to take that as a yes.
Next trap.
Which Mack is going to need
a bathing suit for because...
It might involve some swimming.
Jimmy, what is this?
Mack, hop in this water real quick.
Mack, do you have
any idea what you're doing?
Not really.
Okay. This trap is hard, but simple.
When I say go, your money will be
pulled towards that massive bonfire.
To stop it
You need to pull that lever.
And to get there, you'll have to swim
through this underwater chamber
and pick the locks of all four doors
in your path.
Got it.
You're probably wondering,
why am I holding a clothes hanger?
Because that's
how you pick the locks.
- Mack, are you ready?
- I'm ready!
Three, two.
Oh, wait, Mack,
could you fix that thing behind you?
All right, the timer has started.
This money in exactly 3 minutes,
it's going to be in that fire pit.
Unless Mack comes out the other end,
and flips that lever.
He's struggling right now.
How is he holding his
breath this long?
So Mack just unlocked the first lock.
You got this, Mack.
And while he's competing
for half a million dollars,
I want to tell you about
Stumble Guys.
A free to play multiplayer game
where you basically compete
against random people
in knockout games
and whoever comes out on top wins
the crown.
Every time Mack unlocks the lock,
he goes deeper
and deeper into the water,
which means he has less and less time
to pick his locks as he has to
come back up to the surface for air.
That is so hard to see.
Bro, this is crazy.
Stumble Guys even took
some of our biggest videos
and turned them into levels
in the actual game.
And on top of that, Stumble Guys
now has MrBeast skins, emotes
and even victory animations
available inside their item shop.
He got the third door open.
There's also a special MrBeast-themed event
coming soon on Stumble Guys,
so make sure you download an iOS,
Android or Steam
for free right now.
All right, Mack. One more door.
Bye bye.
Look how close the money is
to the fire.
He is almost done,
I think he just opened the fourth gate.
Pull the lever.
You got to pull the lever!
You just stopped the money!
Oh, my gosh.
I hate you.
You might be a little lightheaded from
the lack of oxygen.
I could barely see.
I know, see that 500 grand
floating right there?
Do you want to risk it for 600 grand?
Full transparency.
The next trap.
It's probably the easiest trap
of all.
I'm serious.
If you were to ever stop,
I don't think now is
when you would want to stop.
- All right, let's do it. I'm in.
- Yeah?
- Yeah yeah, let's go.
- That could have been a lie.
What?
I was, in fact, not lying.
Anyone with a developed prefrontal cortex
should be able to pass this next one.
Welcome to the next trap.
This, in theory, should be the
easiest 100 grand of your life.
Okay, I need you to pick either
a Feastables Bar or a Hershey's bar
One needs to go in the trash
- There we go!
- Yeah!
I will never eat that.
- Disgusting!
- Well of course...
Cause you just won
a hundred grand.
That's right.
Now you have $600,000 in cash.
- Jimmy that's six lamborghinis
- And a Feastable bar.
I'll throw that in.
Thanks.
Do you want to risk this $600,000
Mini ocean of money
For the chance to win $700,000?
You're crazy.
I can tell he's about to say yes.
I don’t know…
Dude, my mom is gonna be so mad
at me if I lose this right now.
Yes or no?
Just one more. What's one more?
- All right, let's do it. Yes.
- All right.
One more.
I actually though.
Please do not let me do
one after that.
- Okay.
Well, where we're going on this next trap,
Mack is going to need a blindfold.
All right, can you see?
I cannot see.
That was a lie.
All right,
maybe actually two blindfolds.
I hope he's not scared of heights.
And if you're wondering
why I said up heights earlier...
Well...
Send us up!
Oh, we're going up.
No, no, no, no, no.
Mack may know that we're going up,
but not how far
Oh my God, dude.
We're going 200
feet in the air,
where he's going to have
to face his biggest fear
If he wants to walk away with 700
grand
Mack...
let's take off the trash can.
Heads up!
Mack...
Welcome to the next trap.
I hope you're not afraid of heights.
I'm scared, bro.
Dude, that looks terrifying.
The next trap is simple.
All you have to do is walk
to the other side
on this absurdly thin balance beam.
Okay, this is insane.
Oh, my gosh.
I just don't know how
he's going to do this.
I'm so scared right now.
I'm so scared.
Bro, this is terrifying.
- I don't... Would you do this?
- Oh, heck no.
I would never do this.
700 grand down the line.
His worst fear.
Let's see what happens.
Okay. I can't think about anymore.
It is what it is.
There. Oh, he's definitely
at the point of no return.
Karl, don't move...
Oh my gosh.
Holy crap. He’s making it… Oh!
No way.
Yeah!
- Yes!
- Oh my God!
That's what I'm talking about.
That's what I'm talking about, baby.
Oh my God, dude.
Based on the first couple of steps,
I did not think he was going to make it
As requested,
I will not try to influence you.
Do you want to walk away
with your 700 grand
or risk it and keep going for
the million dollars your decision?
I have the opportunity right now to
leave with just an insane amount of money.
But...
I'm just...
I'm just so close.
I just feel like everyone at home
wants
to see the next three challenges,
right?
I do.
Final answer.
I'm going to the next one.
Yeah!
If he fails the next trap,
I'm going to feel terrible.
Mack now only has three traps
remaining to win $1,000,000,
but it only gets harder from here.
You decide to risk the money.
- Let's do this.
- I'm so scared.
Lights on!
This next
trap may look a little familiar
Our most viewed video is Squid Game
So I thought it would be fun
if we combined the glass bridge game
with the cookie cutting game
all into one trap.
Just like in Squid Game,
you have a honeycomb here.
You have to cut out the shape
that's there and put that exact
shape on the scanner.
If you break the cookie,
it won't fit in the circle
and the bridge will drop you.
And I lose everything.
But if it's the exact same size,
the door will open
and you have to do it three more times
How much time to have?
There is no time limit.
- Thank God.
- No, but you've been...
- Thank God!
Some of these challenges, he takes an hour.
so I might give you one.
- No, don't give me a time limit.
- Okay, well, can you just at least start?
Okay. A strategy. Jimmy,
is I lick this boy.
And that's going to melt the sugar.
And then ideally, I can poke this
needle through this cookie.
So your strategy is Squid Games.
That's the way to put it.
Yeah.
- Mack.
- Get away from me.
- I didn't touch you.
- You need to stay over there.
What about my croc?
No. Well, now I don't have a shoe.
It's the only way to teach you, man.
All right, here we go.
It's taking forever.
I understand that this money
is essentially meaningless to you.
Me? This will change my life.
So I'm going to take my sweet time
cutting the circle out.
You can take your sweet time.
Take your sweet time
Just the next one.
I'm probably going put a time limit.
No!
Halfway done.
That's it, right?
Okay, put it there.
You're good.
Light's on.
He's going to solve the triangle
pretty easily.
But after the triangle is a star
and an umbrella which are way harder.
Okay.
Cookie.
Also, wait, wait.
Before you open it.
One second.
Oh, no,
I'll replace that because the money
was so far away I moved it over here.
In case you forgot what you're
competing for.
- Part of it's really far away.
- I will replace it.
Okay.
You can proceed.
For the record,
I regret saying yes to this.
- Really?
- Yeah.
At this point see how sad you are
at the thought of losing?
I would actually highly recommend
if you win to walk away after this.
That's what I thought after
I finished the high ropes course.
That's what you thought after every trap,
But yet, we're here.
Wow, that's just sliding off.
Last piece.
Oh my gosh.
I think he did it.
Okay.
Walk on in here.
Cookie us.
Now comes the real challenge.
Umbrella.
The hardest shape.
If I win this, I don't think
I should risk it again, dude.
All right, how about this?
Cut this stupid umbrella out and then
just take the money for my sanity.
For my sanity, dude.
Okay.
Oh, and by the way,
this one has a ten minute timer.
- Okay, it's ticking right now?
- Yeah.
9 minutes and 50 seconds
remain.
I love you.
I will not be speaking to you
while I'm doing this.
I completely understand
$800,000 is on the line.
Give me a dollarbill, like a stack money.
Give it to me.
Stack, okay.
He's using the money as a hammer.
They didn't do that in Squid Game.
I've never felt more intensity
in my life.
This is very, very difficult.
I don't know what I'm going to do
with myself if I lose this.
5 minutes remain.
Honestly, I think you can do this.
I feel like
I'm going to break it, dude.
Shoe hammer
Dude, I'm just making no progress.
2 minutes.
He's starting to break it off.
He's starting to pull pieces of.
Just so you know,
there's 60 seconds left Mack.
Wait, what just happened?
Oh, no.
I actually don't know what to say.
I'm such an idiot, dude.
And I had it all.
It's $700,000.
I don't know why I did
this.
Would it have hurt less
if you just lost the first challenge?
So much less.
Well, here, come on buddy.
Come on. Let's stand up.
Let it be known.
If you're in a MrBeast video...
quit while you're ahead.
I'll be honest, guys.
This was pretty sad.
So I decided to give Mack an extra 100
grand for his troubles.
Let me know if you want to see
more videos like this one.
Hopefully
the next one has a happier ending.
See you later.